We logged into Power BI Service the first time,
time to get to know the interface a little bit better.
So we have this overview right now or this landing page actually,
let's start in the left column again,
so in this area. The first thing you might note is that button up here, if you click that button,
then you can see that you can have access to different Microsoft services.
So nothing really related to Power BI
service at the moment, so we can close that by clicking it again.
Below that, you can find the navigation pane,
if you click right here,
the navigation pane is minimized, if you click it again, you can see the details of the navigation pane
and I will keep it like that because we need the information right here.
The first thing you can see right there are the favorites.
If you click right here, you can see that we don't have any favorites yet but we will learn in the next
videos how to create such a favorite content really easily.
The next thing are the recent projects
and as you can see right here, of course I didn't look into Power BI Services the first time, I have various
projects in here,
so in your case, this might either be empty or if also work with it, you might also have some projects in there.
The next thing we have our apps,
now what are apps?
This sounds really interesting and the good thing is we will create apps in this module,
I don't want to raise the wrong expectations,
we will not create a gaming app of course, an app simply describes a specific content,
so a combination of a dataset, a report and a dashboard that we can save and access in such an app.
We will of course learn how this works.
In the next position, we can find the shared with me content,
so if other users in your organization for instance shared content with you, this can be found in this
area
and now we have a really interesting position,
the workspaces. If we click that, we can see that we only have one workspace,
your personal workspace that you automatically get when you log into Power BI service and down here,
you can see that create app workspace button, we want to create such an app workspace as this will be
required to create the app that we just talked about a few seconds ago.
Now you might not understand everything at the moment of course when I talk about app workspaces and
apps, you will learn that really step-by-step,
so don't worry.
The only important thing at the moment is that you can have different workspaces and these workspaces
can contain different or the same data depending on what you import into that workspace.
Now at the moment, we are in the personal workspace that we have,
so if we click right here and then click right there, then we can see that we have various get data
options,
we will talk about that in a few minutes. Before we do that, let's click onto that arrow next to the workspace
right there.
Here you can see that your workspace is organized in four different categories,
we have datasets at the bottom,
we know that from Power BI Desktop, we have workbooks,
those are actually Excel workbooks so we will not talk about that.
Now we have reports, we know that right,
we created a report in Power BI desktop,
so we might see that report also right here
and we have dashboards.
We didn't create dashboard so far but dashboards are these,
I would say summary pages or that great introduction pages, so a single page here
that shows you the core information of your dataset or of your report.
So this is what we can see right here
and this is how your workspace is organized.
Now before we talk about that area, that get data area, let's focus onto the options that we have up here.
The important ones are the settings right there, here you can see how many storage you have for instance and manage
gateways,
we will talk about that of course. Right here, we have three core options that we need in this module.
We have the Power BI Desktop download option but we got that already right,
so no need to re-download it.
We got the data gateway and we will use such a gateway
and of course learn what it is actually and why we might need it and we can download Power BI for Mobile
but we will not download it right here,
we will download it in the app store of course and use it on our mobile phones.
So this is it actually,
this is the core interface of Power BI service.
Now we have that get data menu that we can access if we click right here or right there and get data is
a good starting point, right?
Because this is the first purpose that we saw in the illustration at the beginning,
so we are still a single user and we don't want to stop right here,
we want to continue and we want to share our data in Power BI service.
So we need to be able to import the data from our Power BI desktop application to the service application.
Let's see how this works in the next video.